## Meeting Note - group 82 - 20190304

> **Meeting Purpose:** regular meeting of week 4
>
> **Meeting Date:**04/03/2019
>
> **Meeting Time:**10:00
>
> **Meeting Location:**DWI-IZ-3
>
> **Attendences:**  Sam Vijlbrief (TA), Alin Prundeanu, Atanas Marinov, Chengrui Zhao, Giovanni Fincato de Loureiro (Chair), Jan Pieter Kroeb, Nik Kapitonenko, Rahul Kalaria 
>
> **Note Issued By:** Atanas Marinov



---

### Decisions Made

1. **Third party API** will not be used for now, as Zhao and Rahul's research suggest that the one we've planned to use will not be suitable for the project.  

2. **MySQL** will be used in the development of the functionality of the database.
* **Gio** will be in charge of creating the database schema.
* **Rahul** will be in charge of connecting it to the server side.

3. Integration of the **GUI to the client-side** will be the main priority for the week.
* **Nik and Jan** will be the main people in charge of this task, as **Alin and Atanas** will be supplement.

### Discussion:

1. **Which RDBMS to be used throughout the project?** :
* Should PostgreSQL be used for the development of the database as it's being learnt in another course and has a GUI, which makes it easier for use. Should it be then converted to **MySQL**. What are the pros and cons of both.

2. **Testing**:
* It should be a priority for the team. 
* It was not something that we focused too much attention on, but this fact changes.
* Potentially giving somebody the role of a "tester".

3. **GUI design** pros and cons:
* Some aspects of the designs were discussed as they will play role in the future of the workflow of the application.
* **Atanas** will continue to develop the design and will fix some inconsistencies in the GUI. **Jan** will be supplement.

4. **Linking GUI**: 
* Is the most important task for the week as not having it stops all other processes' development.
* Nik will be primary on this task as he has relevant experience of doing it with another programming language. Jan will be assisting him and Alin and Atanas will be supplement.

5. **3rd party API**:
* After we got access to the API, that we have planned to use, it seems that it is not suitable.
* Talk about the changes of the workflow of the application as result of the 3rd API removal.

6. **Unofficial demo of our progress**:
* Rahul showed the TA the changes of the code from the previous week.
* Talk about the future development of the code and the directions that they might take.
