## Meeting Note - group 82 - 20190325

> **Meeting Purpose:** regular meeting of week 7
>
> **Meeting Date:** 25/03/2019
>
> **Meeting Time:** 11:00
>
> **Meeting Location:** DWI-IZ-3
>
> **Attendences:**  Sam Vijlbrief (TA), Alin Prundeanu, Atanas Marinov, Chengrui Zhao, Giovanni Fincato de Loureiro (Chair), Jan Pieter Kroeb, Nik Kapitonenko, Rahul Kalaria 
>
> **Note Issued By:** Atanas Marinov

---

### Decisions Made

1. **Spring Security Basic Authentication** will be used for now as it is secure enough for our app and it's also easier to implement, which will provide us with more time to work on demo 3 and the other future features.

2. **TextFields' validation** will be integrated and improved by Zhao based on Giovanni's version.

3. **Merge request** should be taken more serious and the explanations in them should be improved.


### Discussion:

1. **Unofficial demo of our progress/ changes from before**:
* Zhao showed the TA the changes of the app from the previous week.
* Main topics of this discussion were the changes to the GUI and its integration, and the directions that they might take.

2. **OAuth 2.0 or Spring Security Basic Authentication**:
* The direction that the app will take in both cases.
* Most of the real-world apps use OAuth 2.0.
* However, it's harder to implement and will consume more time.
* Spring Security Basic Authentication is secure enough for our project.

3. **TextFields' validation** :
* Important part of the code as it's preventing faulty input from the user.
* Where exactly are they needed in the code?
* Were previously implemented by Giovanni, but they were not able to deal with floating point numbers.
* Zhao will integrate them into the app as he will also attempt to fix the problem mentioned above. 

4. **Merge requests**:
* Should be checked in details by the other team members.
* More in-depth explanations and code reviews should be written in the merge requests.
* The merge requests should not be postponed in time as this is resulting in incapability for somebody to do their work.

5. **Draft of the final report**:
* What should be included in it?
  * The technologies that we have used.
  * Why have we chosen them over other their alternatives, etc.
* Talk over the separation of the tasks as the deadline is coming closer.
* Discussion about the lecture on responsible computer science and how will it be included in the report.

6. **Sprint review** for the last week and **task separation the next one**:
* Aaron and Jan connect the GUI.
* Alin test the client and work on adding picture.
* Atanas and Giovanni develop the GUI.
* Giovanni improve the database.
* Nik test and improve the server.
* Rahul work on the Android app.