## Meeting Note - group 82 - 20190401

> **Meeting Purpose:** regular meeting of week 8
>
> **Meeting Date:** 01/04/2019
>
> **Meeting Time:** 09:00
>
> **Meeting Location:** DWI-IZ-3
>
> **Attendences:**  Sam Vijlbrief (TA), Alin Prundeanu, Atanas Marinov, Chengrui Zhao, Giovanni Fincato de Loureiro (Chair), Jan Pieter Kroeb, Nik Kapitonenko, Rahul Kalaria 
>
> **Note Issued By:** Nik Kapitotenko

---

### Timeline:

TA was shown the project as it was so far on the master branch. Due to a 500 error just after start of the application, TA Vijlbrief left, and the group switched to discussing existing and new features. The demonstration resumed about 1, 2 hours later and ran smoothly.

### Comments and remarks from TA:  

#### Application

- Mr. Vijlbrief is lighly bothered that the app has the default windows icon.
- There are no units shown in the stats right sidebar, this can cause confusion.
- Achievements being sorted by alphabetical order and not by date when achieved is weird.
- The amount of visual elements and the amount of feedback gotten from it is splendid, we need to continue like this.
- TA gave a good suggestion to let potential users (e.g. our families) test and review our app.
- We should add pannekoeken as a selectable food item.
- Areas to focus on:
  - Process (i.e. do code reviews, keep the repo clean, etc.)
  - Bonus features (convert the amount of saved CO2 into saved money, planting a tree.)

#### Presentation

- Avoid using any jokes (e.x. having andy as the demo user) during the presentation.
- Present the app live, but keep a backup video should live presentation go wrong.
- As the presenters will be asked less questions, the biggest coders (the ones who know the codebase the best) should not present.
- Everyone should try to answer questions: Normally, the questions are asked to anyone, but if someone visibly talks more or less than the average, there will be questions specifically directed (not) to them. This an issue if the askee is asked about something they did no work on (e.g. Server team about the client and vice versa).

#### Misc

- Keep the master branch clean.
- Thursday 04/04/2019 is the final report draft deadline, on Monday 08/04/2019 there will be a mock presentation for training.
- Don't forget to write enough for the ethics chapter in the final report!
- Checkstyle does not apply to the mobile app, as it is a bonus feature.
  - Using Dart for the app is allowed. In fact, this may even get us extra bonus point for being both an Android and an IOS release.
- We are ahead of most groups in regards to work done, but don't have the most eye-catching product.

### Things noted and discussed.

- Client labels need to be set this week.
- InsertHistory labels on the left bar need to be rearranged.
- Our current friend system works, can be marked as done.
   - There is an issue where sometimes the collumns in the friends table are repeated, this needs some investigation.
- Somewhere, when fetching achievements, case sensitivity is lost.
- There are two achievements tables, the old one needs to be phased out.
- On certain computers, the GoGreen logo in the top right corner is broken (clipping and margin (?) errors).
- User scren is done.
- Do not add (completely) new features, polish existing ones.
- Fix any bugs as fast as possible, we can not afford having a broken build right now.
- Use a 'reverse twitter' design for the client layout.
- Setup a demo account for the presentation.
- Do something with the mail in the user account screen.
- 'Insentivice' the users to use GoGreen. GoGreen malware, anyone?
- Add a top 10 worst people leaderboard.

### Sprint report (done previous week)

sprint reviews:  
- Zhao: friend system  
- Nik: up branch coverage, server side pfp part  
- Alin: user profile photo, client tests, achievements  
- Rahul: no work on main project, android app using Flutter SDK, demo done, auth done using Google Firebase (most 3rd party auth), uses firebase to host db & server 2-in-1.  
	- Done so far: veggie meal, account screen, change user details. Does not know how to do friend system. TA asks to just have it done before week 10.  
- Atanas: friend screen, adjusted multiple times due to changing demands.  
- Jan: room temp change impl, same for transport. Todo: solar panel impl.  
- Gio: const db changes, adjusting triggers.

### Tasks (TODO)

- Work on the achievements
- fix minor bugs we have so far
- finish up missing implementaion (profile pictures, solar panels)
- write the draft
- make the demo video
- Create the presentation (either keynote or PowerPoint)
- adjust server & client to changes in the database (a new collumnt got added)
- Work leveling system
- update endpoints doc

	