## Meeting Note - group 82 - 20190226

> **Meeting Puropse:** regular meeting of week 3
>
> **Meeting Date:**26/02/2019
>
> **Meeting Time:**9:45 AM
>
> **Meeting Location:**DWI-IZ-3
>
> **Attendences:**  Sam Vijlbrief (TA), Alin Prundeanu, Atanas Marinov, Chengrui Zhao, Giovanni Fincato de Loureiro, Jan Pieter Kroeb, Nik Kapitonenko, Rahul Kalaria (Chair)
>
> **Note Issued By:** Rahul Kalaria



---

### Decisions Made

1. **Spring** will be used in the development of the functionality of communicating between client and sever. This was a shift from our previously proposed plan of using **Netty**
   * 2 Demos where made, each by Zhao and Rahul. 

2. **JavaFX** was chosen to be the the tool that we will use to develop the application GUI.
    - Atanas demonstrated an alpha version of the GUI.

3. **Individual sprint for each member**
    
Rahul : 
- Learn about Spring Web API 
- Learn about Testing with Mockito 
- Upgrade client-Server communication to HTTPS from HTTP 
- Work upon linking Server to external DB 

Zhao :
- Learn about Spring web API 
- Upgrade client-Server communication to HTTPS from HTTP
- work upon linking server to 3rd party API
- learn about CI 

Gio : 
- Learn about and implement Checkstyles.
- Make conceptual schema for demo2. 
- Work upon linking server to external DB 

Atanas :
- Learn JavaFX
- work upon GUI. 
- Implement GUI page for eating a vegitarian meal

Jan :
- Learn about Spring web API
- Learn about JavaFX 
- Help with GUI 
- Help with Client side

Nik :
- Learn about Spring web API 
- Help with server side
- Help with client side

Alin :
- Learn about JavaFX 
- Learn about Spring web API 
- Help with GUI

 

### Discussion:

1. Demonstrated Demo1 to TA. Showed that messages where sent from the client to server using JSON. 
2. Group discuessed adn reviewed Demo1 
3. Discussed In-memory DB vs external DB and their advantages. Settled on having an external DB for our application. 
4. Discuessed testing methods. Zhao and Rahul will learn about how to test using Mockito. 
5. Discussed about Checkstyles and thier need. Giovaani will work on implementing checkstyle. 
6. Discussed our applciation architechture with TA. Also talked about the 3rd party API we are planning to use. TA also reccomended using an open API by the dutch goverment for food tracking.  