## Meeting Note - group 82 - 20190218

> **Meeting Puropse:** regular meeting of week 2
>
> **Meeting Date:**18/02/2019
>
> **Meeting Time:**12:00
>
> **Meeting Location:**DWI-IZ-3
>
> **Attendences:**  Sam Vijlbrief (TA), Alin Prundeanu, Atanas Marinov, Chengrui Zhao, Giovanni Fincato de Loureiro, Jan Pieter Kroeb, Nik Kapitonenko, Rahul Kalaria (Chair)
>
> **Note Issued By:** Chengrui Zhao



---

### Decisions Made

1. **NETTY** will be used in the development of the functionality of communicating between client and sever
   * a simplified implementation based on basic socket server model using java.net library will be made first to ensure that a working version of demo one will be released on time. **Zhao & Rahul** will be in charge of the development of the simple version.
   * **Nik & Jan** will be working on the implementation of NETTY version, Rahul & Zhao will be supplement 
2. The options of tools which will be used on the development of GUI had been narrowed down to **JavaFX**, **Swing** and **AWT**.
   * **Gio** & **Alin** will be working on the GUI part, further comparison will be made between those three. **Rahul** & **Zhao** will be supplement. 

3. **Atanas** will be mainly working on Database part, looking for a proper way to implement the database

 

### Discussion:

1. About SCRUM and weekly reports.
   * **SCRUM** should be started this week because coding will start from this week. SCRUM board itself is like a issue board, which should be an MD file and it's fine if it's done like the example. 
   * The **backlog** and the **retrospective** should be uploaded every week, as well as the **code coverage** report and the **checkstyle** report. 
   * About the style of the code, stick to the conventions in Maven if there's any, or our own. Plugins could be used to reform all of the code according to the conventions on a weekly basis. 
2. What is Maven?
   * it's something like a template for how your project is build. The POM is the list of rules of your project, it states the libraries you use, etc.
3. Can I use a different version of java?
   * All group members should work on the same environment, so first discuss it with the group. 
4. Merge requests (or Pull requests) should be done on Gitlab. At least one person should approve your request. 
5. Master branch, which should always be the working version of the project, is protected, if you break it, do not leave the mess for a long time.
6. About changing the implementation of client-sever part.
   * At the very first beginning it's fine.
7. About the frameworks of GUI.
   * JavaFX, Swing and AWT are the candidates.
   * JavaFX is easier because it's basically java code and with Swing you have to learn how to code in "swing" language. 
 





 