## Meeting Note - group 82 - 20190408

> **Meeting Purpose:** regular meeting of week 9
>
> **Meeting Date:** 08/04/2019
>
> **Meeting Time:** 10:00
>
> **Meeting Location:** DWI-IZ-3
>
> **Attendences:**  Sam Vijlbrief (TA), Alin Prundeanu, Atanas Marinov, Chengrui Zhao, Giovanni Fincato de Loureiro (Chair), Jan Pieter Kroeb, Nik Kapitonenko, Rahul Kalaria 
>
> **Note Issued By:** Chengrui Zhao

### Final Report

1. Sam has given a thorough feedback on the draft of our final report, so that we can that where in the report need to be improved and modify it accordingly.
2. The content of the final report should be compressed into 8 pages.
3. Some of the individual feedbacks are still missing.
4. The reflection and process sections have the highest priority among other sections of the final report.

### Presentation

1. Two of us will give the presentation, and those who give the presentation will be asked less questions in general.
2. Sam recommended that the people you want them to be asked the most questions should not be giving the presentation. 
3. We should not worry about people other be added about the questions about the Android app, because it's a bonus feature and the one who develop it can always answer the question no matter he gives presentation or not.
4. If a live demo is presented, there should be a back up which could be a video, in case of the live demo doesn't work.
5. The presentation should focus on what makes our app special instead of tiny details. 
6. No musical!!!!
7. There will be 10 minutes for presentation, and 15 minutes for questions. 

### Android App

1. Show it off!!!!

