## Agenda for the eighteenth of March 2019

1. *Presentation of demo 2*.

2. *Planning of demo 3*:
- discussion about the workflow of the new features, required by demo 3;
- talk about the changes/upgrades, that need to be done in the current GUI/client;
- talk about the changes/upgrades, that need to be done in the server;
- talk about the changes/upgrades, that need to be done in the new database made by Giovanni;

3. *Questions for the TA*:
 - are we allowed to add file extension backlist to the checkstyle?
